c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\NearbyPlaces.xr.xml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\NearbyPlaces.exe
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\NearbyPlaces.pdb
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\NearbyPlaces.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.dll
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.pdb
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.WinRT.xml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\NearbyPlaces.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\NearbyPlaces.exe
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\NearbyPlaces.pdb
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\NearbyPlaces.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\shubhanshu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\bin\Debug\SecondPage.xbf
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\SecondPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\SecondPage.g.cs
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\SecondPage.xaml
C:\Users\shubhanshu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NearbyPlaces\NearbyPlaces\obj\Debug\SecondPage.xbf
